See are very welcome to the section of the course now that we know what keywords you want to rank for
based on the work within the law in the last section while we want to do a step two of our ASIO's strategy
and what we're really going to cover in this section is optimizing our content around those keywords
.
This process is also known as on page optimization and really the purpose of it is to is to tell Google
water content is about if Google can easily understand what our content is about.
Then we have a much better chance of peering at the top of the search results when somebody types in
that keyword to the search engines.
So to demonstrate how to do this and really bring it to life for you what I'm going to do is walk it
step by step through optimizing a WordPress page and show you how to optimize the Warrell.
The title.
That is scription the header headings inside the content and the images etc. so that by the end of this
section you will really know how to perfectly optimize your content around those keywords.
Just remember that this section is called On page optimization not just on Web site optimization.
So this is a process and a blueprint that you're going to use over and over again as you create new
pages for your site.
It doesn't have to be for every page for your site but if you want to rank in the search engines you
should really engage this process.
And for those pages that you want to write for